c:\users\dsoares\onedrive - braspag tecnologia em pagamento ltda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\IntegracaoPagador.dll.config
c:\users\dsoares\onedrive - braspag tecnologia em pagamento ltda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\IntegracaoPagador.dll
c:\users\dsoares\onedrive - braspag tecnologia em pagamento ltda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\IntegracaoPagador.pdb
c:\users\dsoares\onedrive - braspag tecnologia em pagamento ltda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\dsoares\onedrive - braspag tecnologia em pagamento ltda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\dsoares\onedrive - braspag tecnologia em pagamento ltda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\dsoares\onedrive - braspag tecnologia em pagamento ltda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\dsoares\onedrive - braspag tecnologia em pagamento ltda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\dsoares\onedrive - braspag tecnologia em pagamento ltda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\dsoares\onedrive - braspag tecnologia em pagamento ltda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\dsoares\onedrive - braspag tecnologia em pagamento ltda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\dsoares\onedrive - braspag tecnologia em pagamento ltda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\dsoares\onedrive - braspag tecnologia em pagamento ltda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\dsoares\onedrive - braspag tecnologia em pagamento ltda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\dsoares\onedrive - braspag tecnologia em pagamento ltda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\dsoares\onedrive - braspag tecnologia em pagamento ltda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\dsoares\onedrive - braspag tecnologia em pagamento ltda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\dsoares\onedrive - braspag tecnologia em pagamento ltda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\dsoares\onedrive - braspag tecnologia em pagamento ltda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\dsoares\onedrive - braspag tecnologia em pagamento ltda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\dsoares\onedrive - braspag tecnologia em pagamento ltda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\dsoares\onedrive - braspag tecnologia em pagamento ltda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\dsoares\onedrive - braspag tecnologia em pagamento ltda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\dsoares\onedrive - braspag tecnologia em pagamento ltda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\dsoares\onedrive - braspag tecnologia em pagamento ltda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\dsoares\onedrive - braspag tecnologia em pagamento ltda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\dsoares\onedrive - braspag tecnologia em pagamento ltda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\dsoares\onedrive - braspag tecnologia em pagamento ltda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\dsoares\onedrive - braspag tecnologia em pagamento ltda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\dsoares\onedrive - braspag tecnologia em pagamento ltda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\obj\Debug\IntegracaoPagador.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dsoares\onedrive - braspag tecnologia em pagamento ltda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\obj\Debug\IntegracaoPagador.dll
c:\users\dsoares\onedrive - braspag tecnologia em pagamento ltda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\obj\Debug\IntegracaoPagador.pdb
C:\TFS\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\IntegracaoPagador.dll.config
C:\TFS\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\IntegracaoPagador.dll
C:\TFS\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\IntegracaoPagador.pdb
C:\TFS\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\TFS\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\TFS\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\TFS\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\TFS\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\TFS\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\TFS\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\TFS\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\TFS\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\TFS\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\TFS\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\TFS\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\TFS\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\TFS\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\TFS\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\TFS\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\TFS\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\TFS\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\TFS\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\TFS\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\TFS\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\TFS\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\TFS\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\TFS\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\TFS\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\TFS\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\TFS\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\obj\Debug\IntegracaoPagador.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\TFS\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\obj\Debug\IntegracaoPagador.dll
C:\TFS\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\obj\Debug\IntegracaoPagador.pdb
C:\TFS\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\AutoMapper.dll
C:\TFS\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\AutoMapper.xml
C:\TFS\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
C:\TFS\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\TFS\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\TFS\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\TFS\IntegracaoPagador\IntegracaoPagador\bin\Ninject.xml
